fix: Add deprecation of Windows 32-bit and Python 2.7 support in README file (#2442)
nexB/scancode-toolkit: README.rst

properly. This means installing Python (Python 3.6+ is required).
See `prerequisites <https://scancode-toolkit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting-started/install.html#prerequisites>`_
for detailed information on the support platforms and Python versions.

> Note: Native Windows will be deprecated in the future in favor of Windows Subsystem for Linux. This means that WSL https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install-win10 would become a requirement on Windows platform.

Reviewer: Here is suggested improved way with proper wrapping.
```suggestion
Note: Native Windows will be deprecated in the future in favor of Windows
Subsystem for Linux (WSL): WSL and Windows 10 will become a
requirement on Windows.
```

Author: Hi @pombredanne. Thanks for your review. I wanna just commit this.
